01.Visual Studio:
Microsoft Visual Studio offers a multitude of editions for developing, testing, and deploying applications for the web, desktop, mobile, and even game consoles. With a plethora of testing and compatibility tools, you can test on virtual machines, tap into the functionality of BrowserStack to see what your app looks like across more than 300 browsers, run compatibility reports to identify patterns and issues between browsers and so much more.

Languages Supported:

Variety of languages supported across products
Ajax, ASP.NET, XAML, JavaScript, dynamic HTML, DHTML, Visual Basic, Visual C#, Visual C++, Visual F#, JScript
Several platforms support any programming language

02.Eclipse:
Many development frameworks are built on Eclipse, a free, open-source editor that was initially a Java environment but a variety of plug-ins have extended its capabilities considerably. The Eclipse Standard 4.3.2 version, for instance, includes the Eclipse Platform along with the tools required to debug it, plus Java and Plugin Development Tooling and Git and CVS support. If your requirements are different, you can choose from a variety of Eclipse Package Solutions, including tools for Java developers, Scout Developers, RCP and RAP Developers and more.


03.Xcode (Objective-C):
Xcode IDE is a component of Xcode 5, a complete set of tools for building and deploying apps in the Apple environment. It’s integrated with the Cocoa and Cocoa Touch frameworks for streamlined development of apps for the Mac, iPhone and iPad. It’s designed for a seamless workflow to move from start to finish in a single interface, with built-in communication with the Apple Developer website for one-click enablement of services like Game Center or Passbook, allowing you to create more robust, highly-functional apps in a fraction of the time.

Languages Supported: AppleScript, C, C++, Objective-C, Java


04.CodeLite:
An Open-Source, cross-platform IDfor C+ and C++ coding languages, CodeLite works on all major platforms. CodeLite offers a variety of features, including two built-in completion engines, compilers, refactoring, code navigation and more.

Languages Supported: C, C++


05.Code::Blocks
Code::Blocks, an extensible and fully configurable IDE designed to support its users most demanding needs, supports C, C++ and Fortran. It provides a consistent look, feel and operation across all platforms for seamless transitions between work spaces, and it’s built around a plug-in framework, providing a multitude of options for extension. It’s open-source and offers cross-platform functionality with no hidden costs.

Languages Supported: C, C++, Fortran